    COL     PARAMETER                       DESCRIPTION
    1       frame counter                   Corresponding video frame (starts at #1).
    2-4     delta rotation vector (cam)     Change in orientation since last frame,
                                            represented as rotation angle/axis (radians)
                                            in camera coordinates (x right, y down, z
                                            forward).
    5       delta rotation error score      Error score associated with rotation
                                            estimate.
    6-8     delta rotation vector (lab)     Change in orientation since last frame,
                                            represented as rotation angle/axis (radians)
                                            in laboratory coordinates (see
                                            *configImg.jpg).
    9-11    absolute rotation vector (cam)  Absolute orientation of the sphere
                                            represented as rotation angle/axis (radians)
                                            in camera coordinates.
    12-14   absolute rotation vector (lab)  Absolute orientation of the sphere
                                            represented as rotation angle/axis (radians)
                                            in laboratory coordinates.
    15-16   integrated x/y position (lab)   Integrated x/y position (radians) in
                                            laboratory coordinates. Scale by sphere
                                            radius for true position.
    17      integrated animal heading (lab) Integrated heading orientation (radians) of
                                            the animal in laboratory coordinates. This
                                            is the direction the animal is facing.
    18      animal movement direction (lab) Instantaneous running direction (radians) of
                                            the animal in laboratory coordinates. This is
                                            the direction the animal is moving in the lab
                                            frame (add to animal heading to get direction
                                            in world).
    19      animal movement speed           Instantaneous running speed (radians/frame)
                                            of the animal. Scale by sphere radius for
                                            true speed.
    20-21   integrated forward/side motion  Integrated x/y position (radians) of the
                                            sphere in laboratory coordinates neglecting
                                            heading. Equivalent to the output from two
                                            optic mice.
    22      timestamp                       Either position in video file (ms) or real
                                            capture time for image frame.
    23      sequence counter                Position in current frame sequence. Usually
                                            corresponds directly to frame counter, but
                                            can reset to 1 if tracking is reset.
